adding explain notes for requirements (#13872)
Lightning-AI/lightning: requirements/pytorch/base.txt

> # NOTE: the upper bound for package version is only set for CI stability and it is dropped while installing this package
> #  in case, you want to preserve/enforce restriction on latest compatible version, add "strict" as in-line comment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: the upper bound for the package version is only set for CI stability, and it is dropped while installing this package
#  in case you want to preserve/enforce restrictions on the latest compatible version, add "strict" as an in-line comment
```
